So let's talk about the
a AWS pricing calculator to estimate cost in the cloud.
It is available at this URL and we'll have a visit
in a second, and it allows you to estimate the cost
for your designated solution architecture.
The UI looks like this.
You will know exactly how much this will you for example
on a year.
So here I can create an estimate
from the pricing calculator.
So you need to select some services you're going to use.
For example, let's assume
that we are using EC2 instances.
So will look for EC2 and I will configure it.
And then we can do select a region.
We can say, okay, so this is my EC2 workload.
We can do an advance or a quick estimate.
We'll do quick for now.
So we have Linux and we say, okay, we have each instance
that's for VPU, 16 gigs of Ram.
So we're going to choose a T4gXlarge
and then maybe we want four of them.
Okay. And we expect to have 80% of utilization per month.
Okay. We have a pricing strategy.
So can say, hey, maybe we want to reserve them with
EC2 instance saving plans
for one year and no upfront payments.
Then we can specify Amazon elastic block storage.
We say, hey, we want 200 gigabytes of storage per instance.
And then we have an estimate.
We can click on add estimates
to our cost pressing calculator.
And so, as you can see
this was my estimate for Amazon EC2.
But for example, say, I also want to add a load balancer.
So I will type load balancer
and I will choose elastic load balancing and say, yes
I want an application balancer in the same region.
And then we want one of them.
And we need to say, how many bites per hour going
to per so let's imagine that we have EC2 instances
and IP targets who say, hey
five gigabytes per hour processed of data.
And we get about five connections per second and so on.
So we have an estimator again
and we can add it to our estimate.
And now we have the total 12 months cost
of this architecture.
It's four and a half thousand us dollars.
So this is a way
for you to estimate your cost and it can get very granular
because you can have different services.
You can create groups, you can add support and so on.
So it's quite a very comprehensive service on AWS.
Okay. That's it for this lecture.
I hope you liked it.
And I will see you in the next lecture.